fix(buffers): add nesting depth limit to prevent protobuf decode corruption (#25417)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/protobuf_nesting_depth_limit.fix.md

> Fixed disk buffer corruption caused by deeply nested events exceeding prost's protobuf recursion limit during decode. Events with nesting depth greater than 32 are now rejected at encode time across disk buffers, the native codec, and the `vector` sink's gRPC path, preventing unrecoverable buffer corruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed unrecoverable disk buffer corruption and vector-to-vector retry loops caused by event data or metadata that protobuf could encode but prost could not decode. Vector now rejects only protobuf-unsafe nested payloads before disk buffer, native codec, or `vector` sink gRPC encoding, while preserving nested shapes that prost can safely decode.
```
